doc: nrf54l: add glosarry for errata support table (#29093)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/nrf54l/errata_nrf54l.rst

Reviewer: This `tab` style is not used anywhere else in the docs from what I can see.
Align with the style used on pages like software_maturity.rst or other that list single devices.
This means one tab per device, and if the content is matching other tabs, just apply reuse, like in ap_protect.rst.

Also valid for the LS05 tab.

Reviewer 2: Please consider this comment as follow-up task and focus on created content. I do not want anyone to rebuild this errata page in this PR.

Reviewer: I'm focusing on created content.

* `nRF54LS05B Errata`_

Some of the anomalies can be fixed by applying workarounds directly in the software components, requiring minimal or zero effort from the end user.

> Glossary:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Legend:
```
Glossary defines terms (kind of like a dictionary), here we are explaining the terms used in the table so Legend suits better.

Author: fixed

* `Not applicable` - the anomaly is not applicable for the given device.
* `Not implemented` - the anomaly is applicable for the given device but the workaround is not implemented in the |NCS|.
* `Enabled` - the workaround is implemented and enabled by default.

> * `Other` - the workaround is implemented, but specific action is required to enable it. Refer to the provided information on how to enable the workaround.

Reviewer: Use the formatting from https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/blob/main/doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/software_maturity.rst?plain=1#L13
```suggestion
Implementation status definitions
*********************************

Not applicable
   The anomaly is not applicable for the given device.

Not implemented
   The anomaly is applicable for the given device but the workaround is not implemented in the |NCS|.

Enabled
   The workaround is implemented and enabled by default.

Available
   The workaround is implemented, but specific action is required to enable it. Refer to the provided information on how to enable the workaround.

Implementation workaround status per device
*******************************************
```

Author: added as requested
